# docker-gameofsthcraft

A specialized server intented to be used with the Game of STHCraft private modpack.
This is pretty useless without the pack, but is part of my TechnicPack/Launcher
consolidation project.  All the meat that is the modpack is managed by the zip file
that is downloaded and extracted during the build.  There are multiple ways you can
use this for your own packs but it relys on having the zip files containing the
install and startup scripts generated by my CI server.  In the future I will be
making this much more universal with the intention of having a baseimage for the
core.

This was initally based on [overshard/minecraft][2], but I have re-written it from
scratch and all that really remains from the overshard repo is the baseline of
this readme.

For help on getting started with docker see the [official getting started guide][0].
For more information on Minecraft and check out it's [website][1].

## Pulling docker-gameofsthcraft

This image is available on registry.hub.docker.com and can be pulled via docker:

    docker pull beilber/gameofsthcraft

## Building docker-gameofsthcraft

If you want to build it yourself, you can do so:

    git clone https://github.com/beilber/docker-gameofsthcraft
    cd docker-gameofsthcraft
    sudo docker build -t beilber/gameofsthcraft .


## Running docker-gameofsthcraft

The image runs a minecraft server with Dynamp using default ports, 25565 and
8123 accordingly. There is a volume (/data) you will need to map.  I am not
building the image correctly so the volume in the example below more of a stop
gap (for now....)

    sudo docker run -it -d -p 25565:25565 -p 80:8123 \
    -v "/opt/minecraft/gameofsthcraft:/data" \
    beilber/gameofsthcraft

### Notes on the run command

 + `-v` is the volume mapping for all the data `-v=host_dir:docker_dir`
 + `beilber/gameofsthcraft` the build of this image
 + `-it -d` to run cleanly as a daemon with an interactive terminal
 + `-p` are the port mappings, `-p=host_port:docker_port`

[0]: http://www.docker.io/gettingstarted/
[1]: http://minecraft.net/
[2]: https://github.com/overshard/docker-minecraft/
